added resume qmd and job search blog post (#3)
joshyam-k/personal-website: resume.qmd

---
title: "resume"
editor: visual
---

## Joshua Yamamoto

> **Portland, OR • github: joshyam-k • yamamojo\@reed.edu**

Reviewer: Since this is a `.qmd`, could link your GitHub explicitly. Also, maybe include an email that will persist after you graduate?

### EDUCATION

**BA Mathematics with a Concentration in Statistics** \| Reed College, Portland, OR \| May 2023

> Coursework in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, and Philosophy Overall GPA: 3.95; Concentration GPA: 4.00

Reviewer: Missing a `|` before "Overall"?

-   Completed technical project work: generated robust reports for a major client for the company. Worked collaboratively with other workers and the client to meet all of their needs
-   Transferred all old learning resources to a new platform and ensured that no information was lost in the process.

**Social Justice Computer Science Research** \| Eitan Frachtenberg, Reed College \| Portland, Oregon \| June--August 2021

-   Worked with 1 other individual and a Reed Professor to collect and analyze extensive gender data on collaboration patterns in computer science research
-   Wrote code in python to automate the process of curating and correcting the data set we generated
-   Worked collaboratively with the professor to submit a paper that described our research, which was accepted and published in February 2022 and used as the cover for the issue of the MDPI journal

**Biostatistics Researcher** \| Duke University /North Carolina State University SIBS \| Virtual \| May--July 2021

-   Collaborated with other researchers on novel and unique biostatistics research projects. These primarily involved different analysis and modeling methods within the frame of biostatistics

> -   Attended learning sessions with high level biostatistics researchers and professors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Attended learning sessions with renowned biostatistics researchers and professors
```

Reviewer: Not a big fan of my own suggestion, but "high level" feels a bit off here.
